Hi.
I'm Mo.
And I'm a software engineer
here at 3Play Media.
I'd like to tell you a little
bit about our Caption Format
Converter.
First of all, 3Play Media is
a captioning and transcription
company.
If you use our service,
you'll have access
to more than 50 different
caption formats and many tools
and technologies.
Our Caption Format
Converter is a free tool
for people who might already
have a captioned file
but need a different format.
Most video players and platforms
require different caption file
formats.
With the Caption
Format Converter,
you can take your SRT
or SBV caption file,
paste it into the form
below, and select what type
of caption format
you want to get back.
Below, you'll see a description
of different caption
and subtitle formats
to help you figure out
what you need for your video.
Feel free to contact us
if you have any questions.